people per year
or curitiba
that we try to acquire the sun and accelerate the heart
we want to go beyond
the entity
and his situation
everybody
not very expected
I liked being part of the entity.
he can not separate because
I do not know if I'm going to cheer the same people too and we're looking for
in the final stage
report that people pay
the gang is right a reality
the red card
the stylish suit
from the rest of the world
this time on the island
reported the housewife we ​​spent here
more than ever
we watched
there are five daughters who have felt something we can not handle
is an older professional
company technicians
the economy does not do what i love
1 If you are a moment that is so
With everyone
and amused that he knows he has done a number of performing this
job
and so the community
everyone working together is not decisive
there is no separation of the elderly children
cases of river death
this expression
the emotion
here were a lot of people who
this is demonstrated by
but I believe my mother with her son
community ah
in the branch
It's very difficult for our lives.
turning
so much dedication
saw
not
What have we been working on?
one another for life
really piracy
the necessity
ran ford
but out
are part of this
in the face of time confusion
final phase
it is not known when the evidence respects the holy house of culture in the center of
County
if there is a system of teaching
in speech
increasingly said
activities are our reason for being put up for sale at
apple
I do not know if tomorrow
and this is a premiere
so the team that respect
carlinhos
and I here in the river said that I had never been here
there